heroin and welcome to Keith's does stuff
today I'm actually going to do something
I know that for the past few videos by
few I mean the only ones i have made i
have been sitting here and talking to
you directly to you through the through
the video camera that i am recording on
today i am going to cook let me be frank
I have cooked all of three times since I
moved here three months ago on my on my
stove and my oven so I don't do that I
have decided to go to what the
should i make for dinner calm and have
it choose for me I loaded it up and
we've got if you can see mama approved
spaghetti and meatballs mama approved
spaghetti and meatballs this involves
the CD recipe this involves cooking lots
of stuff okay well we'll see how that
goes I'm gonna go to the grocery store
now and buy I'm not going to buy
eggplant cos i keep a plant so we're
gonna skip that part already screwing up
just be glad that you don't have to eat
any of those all right higher went a
couple things so I have my store people
who has a son because I'm really sort of
afraid I was a girl my sermon glasses on
I mean my hipster fake reading glasses I
thought all of the ingredients sort of i
do not own this recipe i'm gonna link it
calls for a eggplant which is gross
recipe to my iphone where i will read it
and cook it we'll see how ab a bullet is
in the end I think I've made a few
mistakes a first of all I bought from
Jean geez well they don't suppose with
Parmesan cheese I supposed to buy the
big like the really tiny Parmesan cheese
but whatever we'll make it work
these are these are going off place
eggplant on i'm reading place a clamp on
great of a gas burner oh very high flame
I don't have an eggplant for a gas
burner so no eggplants I guess this is
very large pot I don't have any like
cooking utensils so we're just gonna say
let's goes like later on it calls for a
blender water so water salt I had to buy
salt because I didn't phone any
liberally toss some salt in there for
flavor it doesn't actually make it cook
any faster people are like Oh from salt
in the water and it'll boil faster
doesn't hot those fast I also perhaps
get a clove of garlic but instead I got
wine so good trade-off right in a
blender combine the chicken broth oh
whoops I forgot to get chicken broth and
onions I'm really bad at the shopping
thing I wrote to do a lot of stuff the
only thinking that I have is the egg
white in a large bowl which I don't
think I have I don't have a large bowl
so instead we will just use this giant
thing water is boiling there we go this
water is boiling I do want to give you
guys a little bit an idea of what i
consider cooking usually this is my
fridge you can see my cheney food my
pizza i have some hot and spicy ketchup
some blackberries and diet coke actually
don't like diet coke on a diet Pepsi
person but large bowl combine the puréed
mixture which is just my egg white
ground turkey parsley and two
tablespoons of sheets how I did this on
my god like freshly dried parsley but
I'm actually buying parsley out of
chocolate myself
the parsley one fourth of a cup really
that's a lot like a lot of parsley all
right so 2 tablespoons of the cheese
also my pepper because i do not own any
well i guess i have to get all mixed be
with my hands mmm I'm just one small egg
I think this is a healthy alternative to
normal spaghetti seeing as how i'm using
turkey and organic whole wheat spaghetti
and stuff um so if you feel like you're
fat you could eat this that's why I'm
needing it pop in the meatballs I
meatballs into the song I'm just
supposed to take it just like that sort
of fall and that's ok hope I make enough
for four people so i'm just going to
like freeze it I guess alright so we are
mostly done the sauce is cooking slowly
walking meatballs in it i have opened up
my wine thoroughly decimated the cork
again I've lived here long enough that i
am now should be buck the stage but I
drink my wine in cups because I don't
have any wine glasses so I'm just gonna
pour myself some wine mmm pasta and then
this baby up some sauce mmm that
meatball looks um yum I cooked spaghetti
all right um thank you for watching I
have the link to the recipe in my
description maybe you can make it better
than me because I forgot a lot of Oh
give me some ideas in the comments about
what you want me to do next to you
because the name of the channels Keith
does stuff so if there's anything in
particular you want to see what you do
that is not like run naked around San
Francisco even though that wouldn't be
so weird in San Francisco let me know
and I will see what I can do until next
time